fix(batch): fixed the build issue with Batch processor due to missing dependencies (#4498)
aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-typescript: docs/features/batch.md

    --8<-- "examples/snippets/batch/samples/parser_SQS.json"
    ```

!!! note

>     If `innerSchema` is used with DynamoDB streams, the schema will be applied to both the `NewImage` and the `OldImage` by default. If you want to have separate schema for both, you will need to extend the schema and use the full schema for parsing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If `innerSchema` is used with DynamoDB streams, the schema will be applied to both the `NewImage` and the `OldImage` by default. If you want to have dedicated schemas, see the section below.
```
